♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Zuma]
"Pups Save the Turbots."
Ready?
[barks]
-[grunts]
-[both] Ball, ball, ball!
[both howl]
[laughs]
[barks]
-[howls]
-[barks]
[grunts]
[laughs]
[grunts] Whoa!
[grunts]
Oh! Oh! Ah! Oh! Ee!
Cap'n Turbot's got four feet?
Whoa, I think I'm seeing double.
[chuckles]
You're not seeing double, dizzy dog.
This is my cousin from France!
Yes! Hup! Ho! [chuckles] Voilà!
Wow!
François, this is
Ryder, Marshall, and Chase.
-Hi!
-Hello!
[with French accent] Nice to meet you.
I am François Turbot.
"Tur-bow"? I thought you were cousins.
We are, but Horatio here
pronounces the family name wrong.
Your name's Horatio?
A noble naval name!
[gasps] Ooh la la!
The only thing better than football
is volleyball!
Make room for François Turbot!
[grunts]
Wow! Nice shot.
Well, you are quite the volleyball player.
Thanks, you're pretty good yourself.
Well, yes, I am very good. It is true.
They can keep him busy.
I have something really exciting to do.
I think I saw a blue-footed booby bird
down by the bay.
They almost never come
this farup the coast!
If I get a picture,
it might make the cover
of Marine Bird Monthly!
Wow, good luck!
[both bark]
[barks]
Can't play today, Wally.
I've got to find a blue-footed booby bird!
[laughs]
Look at me! Look at me!
[sighs] I hope François' fancy footwork
doesn't frighten my bird away.
[chuckles] Watch me go! I am a natural!
François is an amazing kite surfer!
And isn't it fun to hear his accent?
[in French accent] Allo, Skye!
Want to watch me do
"ze" kite surfing?
Sure.
[François] Over here, everyone!
Wow, did you see what François just did?
-It was so… French!
-[gasps]
[sighs]
[sighs] No sign
of the blue-footed booby bird.
[barks]
Sorry, Wally. Fresh out of fish.
Huh?
[squawks]
Oh, there it is!
A blue-footed booby bird! On my boat!
[squawks]
Uh-oh! Come back!
Hold still! Say "cheese"!
Whoa!
[coughs] Where'd it go?
-[squawks]
-[gasps]
Oh no! Come back!
Wally, please get Ryder for me.
[barks]
Good boy! Go get him!
-[laughs]
-[barks]
[Wally barks]
Hi, Wally.
What's wrong?
It's Cap'n Turbot?
He found his bird…
-but lost his boat?
-[barks]
-He needs our help?
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
We're on it!
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
[all barking]
[both] Whoa!
[Marshall and Rubble] Whoa!
[groans]
Ooh la la!
[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
[beeps]
Thanks for hurrying, pups.
Cap'n Turbot needs us!
He was trying to take a picture
of the blue-footed booby bird,
but wound up in the bay without a boat!
We need to get him back on board
and help him get his picture.
[beeps]
Zuma, I need you to zip out
and use your buoy
to rescue Cap'n Turbot
and get him back to his boat.
Let's dive in!
[beeps]
Skye, I need you to fly along the shore
and search for the booby bird's nest
with your goggles.
[barks] Let's take to the sky!
PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪Go ♪
-Whoo, yeah! Yay!
-♪Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks] Yeah!
-♪Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[giggles]
-♪ Zuma ♪
-Yes! [barks]
♪Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks] Yeah!
-♪ Skye ♪
-♪Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪Go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
-[beeps]
-[Ryder] Life jacket, deploy!
[beeps]
There he is!
[Turbot grunts]
Hang on, Cap'n Turbot!
Zuma will get you. I'll get your boat!
Thanks, Ryder!
[barks] Buoy!
Yay!
[panting]
Yeah! Whoo-hoo!
Thanks, Zuma!
ATV on auto-pilot!
[grunts]
Made it!
[Turbot] Yay for the PAW Patrol!
Phew!
It's good to be back on solid, uh, boat.
Now, we'll help you get
pictures of that bird.
[Turbot] The blue-footed booby bird!
It's odd for this feathered fowl
to fly this far from home.
[François] Look out below!
Uh-oh.
Whoa!
Oh, thanks.
Okay, Horatio, where is this bird
you need me to take a picture of, huh?
[gasps] Ah, the blue-footed booby bird!
I will photograph the blue foot
against the white rock.
Fantastic!
Sail on, Horatio! Sail on!
[sighs]
It shouldn't be hard to spot
those bright blue feet!
That's it!
[giggles] They're really blue!
Good news, Cap'n Turbot!
Blue-footed booby bird?
Bingo, you found it!
We need to approach it very slowly.
Blue-footed booby birds
are basically bashful.
If you're too slow, you miss the show.
Excuse me!
I will get the photo for you, Horatio!
No, wait, François!
You're going to scare the booby bird!
Ah, the bird!
First, I unhook the kite.
Okay, my little bleu-footed friend,
say "bleu cheese"!
[squawks]
Mad booby bird!
Mad booby bird! Ah!
[squawks]
Help!
[gasps]
François needs our help!
Help!
Sorry, I did not mean to upset you.
[squawks]
Hang on, François! Help is here!
Help, Horatio!
This is one angry booby bird!
Not that I am scared, of course.
-[squawks]
-[François] Yeow!
-[splash]
-[squawks]
Help! Help!
[barks] Buoy!
Ah! Oh, thank you!
Thank you. Thank you.
Phew, close call!
[squawks]
Hi there, you beautiful blue-footed birdy.
May I please take your picture?
[squawks]
[François shivering]
-[Turbot] Are you okay, François?
-I'm fine, thanks to you, Horatio,
and the PAW Patrol.
No problem!
Whenever you're in trouble,
just yelp for help!
[sighs]
I never got you a picture
of your bird, Horatio.
That's okay!
Cap'n Turbot got some perfect pictures.
As we learn more
about the booby bird's habits,
maybe more of them
will want to nest here.
More booby birds?
Oh, no, no, no!
[all laugh]
Ready?
Whoo! Yay! [barks]
[Turbot] Hi, Ryder.
I brought you this picture of
the blue-footed booby bird to thank you.
Thanks, Cap'n!
[howls]
[both]
[gasps] A skateboard!
[both laugh]
Ah, you go first, Horatio.
No, you go, François.
Thanks, Captain!
Ah!
Look at me! Look at me!
Watch out!
Whoa! [grunts]
[both laugh]
[all laugh]
[theme music playing]